hey everyone it's andy here the quick
look at far cry two you know ubisoft is
really making up for their almost
criminal mistreatment of the Far Cry
franchise gone in the game is Jack
Carver but instead you've been replaced
by a hero of your selection as you can
see I just slept on a cotton what that
does it allows me to save the game and
pass the time outside why is this
important the game is a full 24-hour
clock cycle from day to night now one
thing i don't like about the game is the
weapons him to jam like it is right here
quite a bit and the blood is really good
in the game as well but the weapons just
jamming inopportune times however to
make up for some of this stuff you know
everything can be perfect look at the
way that the modeling just moves between
the mounted gun and then when i get back
out of mountain gun it goes right back
down to the steering wheel it's just
really smooth animate you know i just
wish they would have an option for the
gun Jamie maybe they can tone it down a
little bit so yeah there I go right back
in the driver's seat alright and
vehicles are fully drivable there's
boats hang glider's all kinds of
vehicles you can drive around in they
actually steer very well but also a game
map that let you look at all over the
map to see where your objectives are
there's also a little tiny PDAs you can
see mounted
it's like a small version of the map it
helps you find the in-game currency
which I'll get to in just a little bit
now the game is pretty much 20 by 20
square miles of open world to explore
and adventure in so now let's hear
pulling up to a bus depot and these are
very important to game as well you can
see my little green leader is going off
that means there is a case full of
diamonds around here somewhere so what
do you you pull off the map by pushing 5
on the computer version and whenever
that light lights a bright green like
that and stays on that means you're
looking directly towards where diamond
cases so you have to look around where
it is and this allows you to buy
upgrades in the single-player mission as
well as the multiplayer but you earn
those in a slightly different way speed
which the multiplayer is just your
standard feller a fear of death match
with a couple other matches thrown in
and it you know just like playing any
other first-person shooter now here's
the in-game currency you find it's in a
briefcase so you just pick it up there
in this case I got two and i have a
total sum of 35 now there's 221
briefcases scattered around the physics
in the game are amazing everything seems
to just be alive in the game including
the fire and i'll get to that here just
a second here's the bus transit map and
i'm about ready to torch it the bus
train that's why you get around the
place to place for really quickly you
see fire catches down most everything
that you burn that's right you
flamethrower these start with so it's
kind of helps you going to pleasure by
picking up gas tanks now I'm taking a
little bit of damage here and I'm going
to show you how the the
medicine you taking who you back up so
I'm going to try to catch the tree on
fire here oh yeah there you go fire
spreading like crazy now but you put H
and yeah you inject your some of the
needle and that's how you basically get
back in shape now you can see the fire
is very very wicked in the game and it
seems to follow the wind white well you
can see the tree is on fire now and it
just keeps burning and burning burning
so there's nothing left I've seen fire
sneak across buildings before and take
out all the stuff in sight it's actually
a pretty cool effect now so we'll get
back in here all one neat thing too is
watch the billboard burn now keep in
mind how it looks right now because as
things burn HR this way it is in real
life so let's check this out this is
just really cool this billboard just
ignites and slowly char's for the
message on it cannot be seen anymore
yeah it's a very very nice effect and
just adds a little bit extra to the atl
order the fire can also be used as a
weapon to scare away entities and it
becomes really handy later in the game
now basically I'm going to go over here
and I'm going to take over what's called
a safe house this is basically the safe
point that I started in the game and to
unlock the easiest things you have to
kill off the village and around
back into dama course of the mounted gun
I'm going to go ahead and get out of it
and once again the animation is really
tight there I'm going to go up here I'm
going to fight on foot Chuck a grenade
we're very effective in the game a
little trees weighing the background and
stuff falling off of it it's really nice
so let's go up here and let's catch this
tab fire see how this animation looks
yep looks very well he's down you can
see I've just unlocked the safe house
now you know there's a lot more in the
game as well and it's just take a while
because there's a lot of places to do
and seeing games for instance if you
light the bullets on fire that you can
pick up check out what they do they
explode like in real life and start
firing random shots at everything in its
path this can be handy if there's a
group of enemies just shut grenades and
all of them are getting shot up like
there's no tomorrow it's really cool now
look at the grass in this it's just
swaying in the breeze or the trees and
this is running at a near over 60 frames
sometimes 90 frames a second all this
open world and you can also repair the
vehicles in the game sometimes they
break down if you're getting shot up too
much this is done by pulling out the
Handy wrench and just going to town on
it now if you also get you know killed
in the game sometimes you get lucky and
you have an ally come out and rescue you
such as the case here this gentleman
picked me up here and he carries you off
you kind of black out for a little bit
and then you come to a little bit later
as he's still carrying you and then he
let you go usually tells you to snap out
of it or something like that then keeps
carrying you off and then the third and
final time is when he actually just lets
you have your pistol back and he keeps
firing and telling you hey there's a
sniper out here that of course is after
you dig a bullet out of your hand
everybody this far cry 2 I recommend it
pick it up it's great